very good gentlemen to the tier you greet them
from above and today we are going to talk
about two interesting things first
let's talk about goat simulator for itself
that I have to obscure had to see some
goats simulator good what happened to him
in the image or rather segovia in the
image is said I'm going to put that image
I'm going to put another test with the image
special thanks to hideo kojima
kojima productions to choose better place
bring it back
pretty hurry until then I talked to the
end of the coac simulator which is a
special thanks to video with and
more so he piloted where he was
watching a video of the ark of the cable
simulator that was like zombies version and
It was good to see I do not know what they have
you were very very very good but
well there's special thanks
for Mr. noodle kojima now another
thing else to still can be found
playstation 4 with
the demo of pete yes gentlemen are
selling playstation 4 and this is not
no fake or anything
I as a consumer the person who with
first level I noticed that a lot
people are selling and comparing the
play 4 consoles with the game of pt
between 1,000 to 1,500 dollars each console
of play 4 only with the demo much
people say that this is false but the
I really do not think so
You know why I first went to ebay and
I began to see the prediction 4 with
demo and they are there second all the
people who sell these consoles
we can say of 100 40 people are
people who work on ebay and
they have there the request 4 they have a
good reputation and that kind of
sellers yes we have the reputation as
I will distrust not and finally the
ebay people has not removed this kind of
sales because it's a legal sale is not
a play 4 game is a play 4 console
with a game that will no longer be
baptized but gentlemen there is if not
work this is pete you are an egg
because I told you to download it and see the level
because that's going to be worth a lot of money
our country does not market merchandise there
that I know I have four competence give me the
double what it is worth
and believe me there will be one or more people who
they will be interested through the
buy this call but in the USA there is
a lot of money there is a lot of green and people
is paying a lot of money I already have pt
in a playstation 4 and to download in
the house of some friends what I did not tell him
shit but this does not run but
good people I explained myself I was from
use the favorite account and obviously
you and I will see each other until the
next and make me a pete in web